Before we fixed a landscape mode let's all to test our app on a very small screen.
And for that here I created a super small emulator on a free dot seven inch device which is not too
big and I'll then launch the app on that emulator.
So here's key app on a smaller device a very small device.
As you can see on portrait mode this looks OK.
Doesn't look too shabby.
We can certainly work with that but of course here on landscape mode we all do we'll have a problem.
If I turn on the lights rotation your as you can tell especially on such a super small device the charge
is basically not there.
The image is too big.
Therefore we have that overflow cost by the image which we don't resize dynamically and yet the chart
simply doesn't fit there.
On smaller screens so we might want a different solution for landscape and well then also landscape
on smaller screens but it's a general landscape problem.
Our app is clearly aimed at portrait mode right now and it doesn't work on landscape mode never on small
devices nor on big devices.
So let's fix that and let's see how we can fix it.
One possible fix and dad can be valid based on the app your building is that you simply don't allow
landscape mode.
You can do this in your main dart file in the main function which is the first function that runs when
your app starts.
Instead of using that shortcut where you only have one expression in there
let's use that longer form here like this.
And besides just running run app here which of course is an important function to run your app you can
now also use a certain object system chrome for that you need to import package flatter services that
dart you need to add this import here in your main dart file and system chrome allows you to set some
application light or system wide settings for your app and there for example you can call set preferred
orientations and pass a list of orientations you want to use or you want to allow for your app and this
should be a list and there you can use device orientation dot.
And now for example only allow portrait app and maybe portrait down so that you don't care about how
the user is holding his phone.
But it should be in portrait mode if you do that and you save this and you then restart your app.
You will see that now we're forced into portrait mode and we can't rotate this app and this might be
a liable solution for many applications that really don't make sense on landscape mode but it can also
be a solution where you simply are too lazy to implement a proper landscape mode.
So here I'll actually commented out because of course besides that quick win year which can be viable
I want to show you how you can actually adjust your app to landscape mode in a way that it really works
there and looks good there.